Consent to Participate in an Experimental Study
Title: Longitudinal Ratings of Associative Judgments
Investigator
Erin Buchanan, Ph.D.
Department of Psychology
214D Hill Hall
Missouri State University
417-836-5592	

Description:
This study is a project intended to investigate 
people’s understanding of the properties of words 
and other symbols.  The study will consist of an
internet survey, where you will be shown word pairs 
and asked to make judgments about them.  At the end of the 
experiment, you will receive information about the study.
 
Risks and Benefits:
There are no obvious risks of participating in this 
experiment.  The experimental methods and materials 
are similar to those involved in taking a classroom 
examination.

Confidentiality:
We will not put your name on any of your tests.  Only 
Dr. Buchanan and her assistant will have access to the 
data collected for this study.  All data associated with 
this study will remain confidential.  

Right to Withdraw:
You do not have to take part in this study.  If you start 
the study and decide that you do not want to finish, all 
you have to do is to tell Dr. Buchanan in person, by 
letter, or by tele¬phone at the Department of Psychology, 
214D Hill Hall, or 836-5592.  Whether or not you choose to 
participate or to withdraw will not affect your standing 
with the Department of Psychology, or with the University, 
and it will not cause you to lose any benefits to which you 
are entitled.   Experimental credit will be prorated based 
on the amount of time you spent in the study. 

IRB Approval:
This study has been reviewed by Missouri State University’s 
Institutional Review Board (IRB).  The IRB has determined 
that this study fulfills the human research subject protections 
obligations required by state and federal law and University 
policies.  If you have any questions, concerns, or reports 
regarding your rights as a participant of research, please 
contact the Office Research Compliance at 836-4132.

